README.md, before:

# VscodeExtensionSidebarViewAngular

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.0.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

starter template for vscode extension using angular application

README.md, after:

<h2> <em>Visual Studio Code Custom Extension starter Template<sup><sup>&nbsp;<B>[Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli)</B></sup></sup> with Angular Application </em></h2>

This project was generated with [Angular CLI] .

## Project Environment

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) -  v14.18.1 .
- [NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) - v8.1.4 .
- [Angular CLI ](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) - v13.0.1.
- [Visual Studio Code Editor ](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) - v1.62.3.
- [Visual Studio Code Exension API](https://code.visualstudio.com/api) - v1.62.0

## Installation / Build the application

- Download the sample template (Git Clone / Zip Format).
- Run `npm install` to install all packages(dependencies) for this application.
- Run  `npm install -g typescript` to set up Typescript and it's compiler.

<h3> Build the application </h3>

- Run `ng build` to build the angular application. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/angular` directory.
- Run `npm run build && tsc -p tsconfig.extension.json` to build angular application and vscode extension together.
The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/angular` directory for Angular and, `dist/extension-src` for vscode extension.

<h3> Start Angular application locally</h3>

- Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
- Run `ng serve --open` to start the angulat server and open the browser `http://localhost:4200/`.

<h3> Start visual studio code extension (Running Angular server is not rewuired)</h3>

- Open Visual Code Editor tool, Import the application in workspace. Press [Ctrl+Shift+F5] to compile and run the extension in a new Extension Development Host window.

## Running vscode extension

- Once Extension Development Host window started, click on extension-icon that appeared on visual studio code editor's sidebar.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.
